you don't get the vibrance yeah yeah
that when the ocean looks like a dull
gray and even the ocean looks tired like
right as opposed to like if you go to
Mexico like I went to Cancun way back in
the day and the first thing I noticed
like how the fuck is the ocean that
color like look how pretty it yeah it's
like a bluish green that's gorgeous yeah
if you ever been to French Riviera no oh
my god you one time went and yeah same
thing they have with pebble beaches
there's sand which is horrible but but
the water is so beautiful is crazy yeah
I grew up in that town which was next to
the Charles River and that Charles River
went all the way through Boston and the
Charles River was like disgusting man
like you'd see condoms floating in it
and you'd see I saw one pipe and these
bubbles were coming up to the surface I
was like what the fuck is that and then
I saw a condom bubble up and I went oh
my god it's a sewer pipe and I realized
someone was just flushing their shit and
piss right into the goddamn River how
did this happen and I was you know 14
and I'm like wow fuck is this like how
though how am i finding this like you
don't have anybody likes checking to see
of the shit pipe he's writing that
goddamn River like oh my god it was
crazy so wasn't clean by any stretch of
the imagination so to see that kind of
clean pure like ocean water where like
you were you ever heard of bone fishing
do you know what that is it's a type of
fishing that people do it's I think they
mostly just catch and release oh I don't
think they even keep most of them but
they go to Florida and I think the
Bahamas wanna see the Bahamas and
they're on these like special boats that
are like these boats you can stand on
and they're fly fishing for this fish
that looks like it belongs in the Stone
Age this weird cool-looking fish called
the bone fish see if you get pull
pictures of it I don't know why we're
talking about this that's how I am yeah
that's cool is that a bone fish
it's much more like a barracuda that's a
bone fish see that's a bone first that
other one was a barracuda I think they
just had a bad photo you see the
difference like it's it's a
crazy-looking fish man and see that
water behind them it's hard to tell from
this image but what we're looking at is
really shallow water like at the most
it's like three feet deep right and
they're just casting out and they see
these fish coming towards them and they
catch it it's supposed to be like super
super exciting you do a lot of fishing I
don't do a lot of fishing but I love
fishing it's fun but this is fun like I
would assume I've haven't done this kind
of fishing bone fishing but that's what
people people love like seeing a fish
coming and going and biting your lure
like it's very exciting yeah it's a
thick thing but look how clear that
goddamn water is no there's no Coulomb's
law
there's no condoms just bone fish I was
watching a video today of a guy jumping
with scuba gear on into the garbage
patch the middle in the Pacific Ocean
you know I knew I knew that it's
supposed to be like horrific but lets
you when you see it in a video you
watching just go what the fuck is this
this guy put scuba gear on and jumped
into this I mean it was plastic you
couldn't see anything but plastic
everywhere you look to the left and the
right it was all plastic like this is
huge like several states large yeah this
shit this is what humans are doing to
the ocean this is this is a would you
see him jump in and it's almost did they
show them jump in or is this a different
video this is different this is a
different video because the other one
the guy starts out on the boat and dives
in and the what he dives into is just
like plastic soup it's fucking
disgusting man it's crazy yeah like this
so there's this guy that we had on the
podcast name is boy onslaught and he
created a device that he's using to try
to pull the plastic out of the ocean and
they'll maybe convert that plastic into
you know things that we can use and
they're I don't think it worked on the
first attempt but they're they're
relaunching it right didn't he they had
to do something to fix things they're
you know still in like sort of the
type stage but it's gonna have these
machines or this giant nets that move
around through the ocean casualties that
just kinda stop it from getting fish
that's a very good question I don't
think there's any fish living in there I
bet a lot of fish have eaten that stuff
though guaranteed there's probably a lot
of fish with plastic in their stomachs
oh yeah man that's gross I mean what
what kind of shit gets in their system
and then when you eat that fish what
kind of shit are you getting in your
system like how many people were testing
their fish you know I mean how many
people are before they eat a Sam and
they're like hold on let me check for
mercury let me see how much are snakes
in this so kind of heavy metal party
what sets up BP B's that they're worried
about that come from what is the stuff
they're worried about their comes from
bottles
yeah BPA's or something like that right
yeah I wish I knew what that meant
yes they did run their first results
from November I don't know he's saying
oh so this is their first their first
actual pulling of the garbage you know
listen man even if it takes 10 years if
they could figure out a way to to get
rid of all that plastic and we could
figure out a way to not put that plastic
in the ocean we can maybe but I really
worry about almost as much as this maybe
even more is overfishing
when you realize how many different
ships are out there using giant nets and
just scooping everything they catch
inside that net and then just serving it
to us and we're like who you want to get
sushi yeah sushi sounds good you know
we're like so close sushi sounds good
it's ocean genocide I mean it's fucking
chaotic man they don't have real I mean
they don't have real control it's
international waters people are just
cutting nets and dropping them to the
bottom of the ocean and they catching
things all the time there's nets all
over the place out there if you would
just release their nets if they just
litter but you're always you've been
very conscious about like what you eat
like sustainability a lot lately right
well I think sustainability yeah I do
think about that a lot I don't know if
I'm that conscious of it I'm definitely
guilty of not being sometimes hungry
unconscious about it I wish I was more
conscious about cuz I'm going to put in
my face it makes me all sad yeah I'm
more conscious about what I eat than I
am
sustainability in terms of like what the
quality of what I eat I'm more conscious
about that I should be more conscious
about sustainability but sometimes it
feels like what is this what are you
showing me here it's at a crocodile
goddammit now what is this big big catch
with an exclamation Marcus the name of
the fish got 40 million views on YouTube
it's a net that's full of stuff oh they
caught a net oh this is Oh a net like
this is a fishing boat oh Jesus yeah
look at that look how it works
they just scoop up every fucking thing
that's in that ocean it's really amazing
that they I mean what a horrific place
to be if you're a fish
imagine if fish we're like super smart
and this is their demise I mean this is
an insane net filled with living
creatures that we're gonna eat not bro
it's just tilapia relax god you're
kidding so dramatic look at that that's
a crazy bundle of these ocean creatures
and how often does this happen a day is
it all day I bet it is I bet this is all
day I bet this is all day for years and
years and years in years and I don't
think they take time off I think they
keep going and if they're not there
someone else is there to I think this
has happening as long as they can make
money selling fish and we're willing to
buy fish it's kind of insane you think
people ever feel bad about it those
people feel bad maybe it's possible
they're not monsters right there they
might develop well that guy just stepped
right on a fish though yeah they get
desensitized I'm sure man he doesn't
seem like he cared at all well this is
crazy I mean this is not a person
supposed to be able to catch a fish or a
to fish or three fish and then you eat
it like this is chaos man this is some
crazy thing where you have to make
fillet of fish sandwiches because
there's you know 320 million people and
a hundred of them 100 million of them
want junk food anytime they want it I
mean I don't know if that went to fillet
a fish or if that's a expensive fish I
really have no idea
just talking shit don't listen to me but
and I also eat fish so I'm a hypocrite
yeah but it is kind of crazy when you
watch this video and I'm not a you know
I I'm not opposed to you eating fish but
I'm just saying the reality of what this
is is it's crazy this is a crazy scene
and did not deny it's a crazy scene I'm
still gonna eat fish you know I feel I
feel awful about this
it does slightly make me want sushi I
just looking at this it's not when I was
a server like a big question question
people would always ask is that farm
raised there is a wild-caught I'm like
if this is wild-caught versus farm
raised I don't know why it would make a
giant difference it seems like that
either way yeah tell no matter what for
these organisms but they're delicious
and they're really good for you okay but
how are they gonna insure that there's
gonna be some left that's what's crazy
like the the human government's need to
get together and go hey we can't kill
the whole ocean because that is possible
if you keep going at the pace that it's
going now if you really stop and think
about what the ocean must have been like
when you hear about those Japanese tuna
fishermen like did you see jiro Dreams
of Sushi remember when those gentlemen
were at the fish market and they were
talking about what it used to be like
used to be tuna everywhere so much tuna
now it's like a small amount and you
gotta check to see if it's good like
they're watching it happening in real
time if you go from that point where
that guy was talking about today and
then go fifty years from now at the same
pace like ya know you gotta be but it
seems like that it wouldn't be that hard
to be more conscious about it well at
the very least they have to take into
consideration the fact that they need to
maybe develop some sort of an
international program to breed these
things yeah you know it's it's a like
they've done that with yellowtail the
they have these like ocean sort of
almost like a like corralled in area and
they're out in the ocean but they're
only in this one trapped area and
they're feeding them you know and
occasionally they get out like to get
those yellow tails in Hawaii there was a
storm the storm wrecked their little
enclosure and they got out and now
they're
so all these hamachi grade like
sushi-grade yellowtail are swimming
around all over the place outside and
they're breeding they're getting bigger
guys it's crazy it's interesting but but
I was thinking when they were telling me
that well so if that's what they did
like maybe they should do that and just
keep releasing them maybe we should be a
program that all the people who buy
sushi fund into that just takes a little
piece of the sushi money and uses it to
develop these programs to make sure that
these fucking fish keep breeding so you
can have more sushi I think people will
pay extra for that
didn't they then they would feel good
yeah I feel better me you're helping out
yeah that's what I think we can leave
this next next next next generation they
have a real good possibility of like
making things work out better